Sync Gateway CBG-365 - Update logging config for SG 2.1.0+ (#126)
couchbase/docker: community/sync-gateway/2.1.1/README.md

      "username": "Administrator",
      "password": "password",
      "users": { "GUEST": { "disabled": false, "admin_channels": ["*"] } }
    }
  }
}
```

**Step - 3 :** Start a Sync Gateway container in the `couchbase` network and use the configuration file you just wrote:

`$ docker run --net=couchbase -p 4984:4984 -v /tmp:/tmp/config -d couchbase/sync-gateway /tmp/config/my-sg-config.json`

# Collecting logs via sgcollect_info

This section only applies if you need to run the `sgcollect_info` tool to collect Sync Gateway diagnostics for support.

**Step - 1 :** Run the following curl command against the admin port of Sync Gateway to run sgcollect_info and put the zip in your log file path.

`# curl -X POST http://localhost:4985/_sgcollect_info -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"upload": false, "customer": "your-company-name"}'`

Set upload to `true` along with a customer name if you wish to automatically upload the collection to Couchbase Support.

You can find more information about the parameters used in this request in the [sgcollect_info documentation](https://docs.couchbase.com/sync-gateway/current/admin-rest-api.html#/server/post__sgcollect_info).

# Licensing

> Sync Gateway comes in 2 Editions: Enterprise Edition and Community Edition. You can find details on the differences between the 2 and licensing details on the [Sync Gateway Editions](http://developer.couchbase.com/documentation/server/4.5/introduction/editions.html) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync Gateway comes in 2 Editions: Enterprise Edition and Community Edition. You can find details on the differences between the 2 and licensing details on the [Sync Gateway Editions](https://docs.couchbase.com/server/current/introduction/editions.html) page.
```
